Add a new builder identity copy method, reverse links to all security docs, client cert example (#11446)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-web-authentication.adoc

Please check if implementing SPAs the way it is suggested in the link:security-openid-connect#single-page-applications[Single Page Applications for Service Applications] section can meet your requirements.

> If you do prefer to use SPA and `XMLHttpRequest`(XHR) with Quarkus `web-app` applications then please be aware that OpenId Connect Providers may not support CORS for Authorization endpoints where the users are authenticated after a redirect from Quarkus which will lead to the authentication failures if the Quarkus `web-app` application and OpenId Connect Provider are hosted on the different HTTP domains/ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use SPA and `XMLHttpRequest`(XHR) with Quarkus applications, please be aware that OpenID Connect Providers may not support CORS for Authorization endpoints where the users are authenticated after a redirect from Quarkus. This will lead to authentication failures if the Quarkus application and the OpenID Connect Provider are hosted on the different HTTP domains/ports.
```

> In such cases one needs to set the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.xhr-auto-redirect` property to `false` which will instruct Quarkus to return a `499` status code and `WWW-Authenticate` header with the `OIDC` value and the browser script needs to be updated to set `X-Requested-With` header with the `XMLHttpRequest` value and reload the last requested page in case of `499`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases, set the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.xhr-auto-redirect` property to `false` which will instruct Quarkus to return a `499` status code and `WWW-Authenticate` header with the `OIDC` value. The browser script also needs to be updated to set `X-Requested-With` header with the `XMLHttpRequest` value and reload the last requested page in case of `499`, for example:
```
